The women's division
of WWE has come a very long way.
In 2013, the women
didn't have a match.
When are you guys going out?
We got cut.
The next year, we
made our first appearance on the
main stage.
Having a
WrestleMania moment.
In 2016, the Divas
division became the women's
division.
You will no longer
be referred to as "Divas."
You will simply be Superstars.
The first‐ever
women's championship.
And a revolution was
born.
♪ I'm a wanted woman
And I'm feeling good
♪ Want a love that's
good
♪ Come on, girl
Ooh
Gotta do it, gotta do it. ♪
Now, we are making
history with every match.
We had the first‐ever
women's ladder match.
The first‐ever
women's Royal Rumble match.
And now, the first‐ever
women's rattle royal at
WrestleMania.
We will get to a place
where we run out of firsts.
But there's just one
big change.
Ronda!
I am here.
Ronda Rousey.
She's a beast.
She's a killer.
She is one of the baddest women
on the planet.
Ronda Rousey is a
pioneer.
She is a legend, she is a
trailblazer.
And now she's coming to
our division.
Not only is she gonna
be a part of this women's
division, but she is gonna be a
top woman in this women's
division.
♪ Ain't gonna stop me
now. ♪
♪ I won't give
I won't give up on me
♪ 'Cause good girls
Don't make history ♪
Awesome, yeah,
turn your face a little more
this way.
Nikki and that ass.
Mm‐mm‐mm.
Oh, wow.
That's gorgeous. Awesome.
Cool. Okay.
Well, I've been
watching someone's storyline on
TV, looks like someone might...
Do you like it?
Love it.
It's so good, dude.
Oh, my gosh. So good.
And I love it, too, because, um,
I like how they've really kept
the multiple stories for women.
Yes. Well then,
Charlotte and Asuka with their
singles.
And then, possibly Lexi and me,
and then the battle royal.
Yeah.
Right now, the women's
division is killing it.
At WrestleMania, we have two
singles matches and I happen to
be in one of those matches.
And here is a
woman who has a date at
WrestleMania against a woman Nia
thought was once her friend,
Alexa Bliss.
The closer and closer
we get to WrestleMania, I'm
just, I'm freaking out and I
want to make sure that I‐I put
on the best show that I possibly
can.
And then Ronda...
And then Ronda.
How has it been with
Ronda at TV?
Um, honestly, Ronda has
been cool.
She's so strong and she's so
powerful and I think it's great.
Yeah.
It's interesting because she's
definitely bringing attention to
the division, but it's awesome
to see that your storyline's
still going strong to Mania.
Ronda Rousey is a beast.
She's on a different level.
She just got signed to the WWE
and I'm definitely nervous,
hoping that what I have is good
enough against somebody like
Ronda Rousey.
You're so stunning on
camera.
Oh, what?
Got a new twin in town.
Yes.
Peace out, Brie. Sorry.
See ya, bitch.
Peace out.
New tag partner.
That's what sisters do.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Yes!
What‐what?
Look, there you are.
Holy crud.
My tit is literally
out.
How long has it been
this way?
Are you posting this right now?
I hate you.
I'm back, bitches.
We're in New Orleans and I get
to do commentary for
WrestleMania.
I don't know, I don't think
you're loud enough, guys.
You need to make some more
noise.
I made my debut here back in
2014.
Won the Divas championship,
and now we're back again, four
years later.
It's kind of bittersweet 'cause
I'm not gonna be wrestling due
to injury.
Her name is Paige,
and she's here on Raw.
Paige is looking to take
advantage.
And there‐‐ Oh!
Paige‐Turner, she
did it. Paige did it!
We have a new champion.
I kind of have a
um, I have to
give my retirement speech after
WrestleMania.
And I'm so sad.
I made my debut here and now I
have to make my retirement here.
Oh, there's the
Mercedes‐Benz Superdome.
Dude, isn't it cool
though, just, like, like, it
gives me, like, it makes my
heart beat, like, a little bit
fast, just thinking about it for
you; I'm just, like, super
excited for you.
Yeah. It's just a lot
of pressure.
It's just, I mean, obviously,
Lexi, who's been my best friend
since I got here‐‐ it's weird.
It's cool, it's just...
Dude, your match is
gonna be incredible. Like...
Ooh, I hope so.
And you can walk away
being like, "Hey, like, I made
history today.
I got to have a singles match
on WrestleMania."
A frickin' good one, 'cause I
know you can, like, do that.
Thank you.
Dude! Thank you.
I'm really glad that we've
bonded.
Let's get this week started.
We have arrived.
Yeah.
Hey, what do you want
to do right now?
Do you want to go for food?
We're in New Orleans, baby!
No, I know.
It's gonna be fun.
But I seriously have to
go and, like, get my hair stuff
together.
Like, my hair is falling out.
Okay, well, you want
to go do something afterwards
then?
Um, I'll hit you up if I
can, for sure.
Come on.
I know.
It's just a crazy, crazy day.
Okay.
You know?
Let me know
afterwards.
I'll go have fun for the both of
us right now.
Do it for the both of
us, sis.
Oh, my gosh, baby
girl.
It is WrestleMania week
and we are in New Orleans.
Everyone's so excited.
This is the biggest event of the
year and it's just really
exciting to be a part of this.
What up, though?
We're about to go
swamping and we're gonna go to
dinner and we're gonna go on a
girls' date.
Oh, you've just got
it all mapped out for us today,
huh?
Yeah, baby girl, I am
not doing much this week and I
just wanted to have a touristy
shared experience with
everybody.
Of course Paige will
pick us up straight from the
airport and take us on a swamp
tour.
I have never been on a swamp
tour, but...
first time for everything,
right?
So, they're saying as
of now, you can't wrestle.
No. No, I can't
wrestle again.
Dr. Uribe was like, you can have
this surgery, get the‐the screws
taken out and then have rods in
your neck like TJ.
It had to take a long
time to heal because of his
injury but he's loving his role
as a producer.
He's doing a great
job, though, dude, like,
everyone gets super excited if
they're like, he's the producer.
He loves to come back
and tell me after he's finished
with Raw how great the girls are
doing and how much he loves them
all.
Paige is a star, Mandy's a star,
everybody's a star.
It's like, tell me that I'm,
like, just tell me that I did
good tonight.
It's like, with us girls, it's
like don't screw with us.
When we're right, we're right,
and when we're wrong, we're
still right.
Exactly.
Want an apple cider
vinegar shot?
No. Ugh.
I can smell it from here.
Yeah, some things
aren't worth the health
benefits, huh?
So I think I'm gonna need to
make a Whole Foods run today
to pack...
I'll probably be
packing some big suitcases, too,
for WrestleMania.
For what?
Because Birdiebee might
be in the WWE Superstore.
When did that happen?
Nicole actually came
up with the idea and, um, we
asked WWE and they were all
like, if there's enough space,
we'd love to have that.
When would you need
to go out?
Well, I told them,
because of Birdie, just the
weekend, but I also told Nicole
that, you know, I feel like I
could run Birdiebee.
And, like, I could be the
president of the company.
Owning your own brand is hard
work and, unfortunately, we had
to part ways with our current
president, which has really left
a huge hole at Birdiebee.
So I decided to put on my big
girl pants and step up and be
the president.
I support you in
trying, the same way that you
supported me in going back to
wrestling.
Win, place. Place.
Winston, place.
Good boy.
Screw you, Win.
I'm the freaking boss now.
You listen to me.
Mm, she's the
president.
Where's Nia?
She's got a lot going
on, like, schedule‐wise.
Okay.
All right, ladies, are
you ready to go on a swamp tour?
Hell yeah.
Let's do this.
If anyone tries to tip the boat,
I kill them.
Ladies, ladies, I am
your tour guide.
Welcome to Paige Encounters.
So, as you can see, there's a
lot of swampy areas.
Smells a little weird.
There's a gator!
There's one coming over
there and there's one coming
over there and there's one
coming over there.
Oh, my God! There's three
coming!
Are you kidding me?
All right, listen up, ladies.
I'm about to show you what a
real crocodile hunter does right
now.
Ooh, give the stick
back, greedy bitch.
I'm flying, Jack!
I'm flying!
There's a pig!
What?!
Whoa!
Little piggy.
Stop the boat.
Whoa! Oh, my God!
There's huge pigs over there!
Whoa!
Oh, God, oh, God, oh, God, oh,
God, oh, God.
Oh, my God. My God.
Oh, my God, oh, my God.
Are these things gonna
bite me?
Bye, Big Bertha!
Oh, this is, like, the
road you don't take.
This is certain death.
Wrong turn.
Do you guys believe in
ghosts?
Of course.
And New Orleans is,
like, the home of a lot of
ghosts.
Don't start that.
It's, like, a real
thing.
It's, like, a real,
real thing.
Witches and stuff like
that.
The place, in general,
is very spiritual, whether it be
ghosts or, you know, voodoo
stuff.
I went to go see, like, the best
voodoo lady in town.
She was creepy, but I liked her
a lot.
But she's actually making me a
voodoo doll, but it's, like, a
healing voodoo doll, right?
Really?
And then she's like,
"Oh, like, maybe in a couple
months' time, you go and get the
MRI again and see how it turns
out."
With my neck, I've tried
everything to try and heal it.
And so we're in New Orleans, and
there's psychics, there's voodoo
doll ladies.
And, honestly, like, I'm a
spiritual person, but, like,
there's no harm in trying.
I'm kind of expert in
the voodoo doll area.
That's why we came to
you.
I might need a little
bit more time, because, you
know, this is personalized to
you.
It's not, you know, hanging on
the rack.
Great. Let's do it.
Mm‐mm.
I don't even want to talk about
it.
What?
Scares me.
Creeps me out.
I don't want no spirits, no
demons, no ghosts, nothing
coming up in my life stealing my
glow.
If it ain't God or Jesus, I
don't want nothing to do with
it.
I prayed to Lord Jesus
Christ.
But, again, I haven't...
That might work for
you.
I'm just saying, I don't want it
to work for me.
I've done everything
in my power to do something.
I mean, like, this is kind of,
like, the last resort.
My heart goes out to
Paige not being able to wrestle
anymore due to her injury.
But I feel like Paige just has
to stay positive and keep
believing in herself, not the
voodoo and the stuff she's
looking into.
Every Birdiebee shirt
is going to be sold out.
I want to do whatever I can to
really get the word out there
that Birdiebee is at the
Superstore.
You know the WWE Superstore?
Brie and Bryan are gonna be
there.
We're here in New
Orleans, but today we have a
signing.
Hey, you guys.
Now we've got this
flyer.
Where's brunch at tomorrow?
Nattie gave us this
flyer and said that we could
hang out.
Trust me, I'm trying
everything in my power to get
better again.
All I want to do is wrestle.
WWE was supposed to be my
future, and it was cut short.
Oh, my God, this is
amazing.
Aw, there's Paige!
We might find a
stand‐up doll of you or I.
Wow, this is so cool.
Here's the twins'
section.
Ooh!
Hi.
How you doing, ladies?
Good, thanks.
Our store is closed.
Are y'all supposed to be up in
here?
Yes.
You sure?
Oh, my face is up
there.
What?
On that poster.
Do you want to get a selfie?
Yes.
Here, Lana, take a
picture of us.
Brie and Nicole are not gonna be
in WrestleMania this year.
And for the first time in their
WWE careers, they're gonna be
spectators.
But it's awesome, because
they're doing something really
cool.
They're showcasing their line at
the WWE Superstore.
Oh, it's Brie.
Hey, Brie.
Nattie!
Hey! I'm wear...
Oh, my gosh, look at
you two.
I'm wearing my
Birdiebee.
I‐I'm wearing my "Bee
Fearless"!
And show her your
shirt.
Aw, you guys look so
good!
Well, this is
awesome.
The Superstore is awesome.
And you guys better have enough
stock, because these shirts are
all gonna be gone.
Yeah.
Really? I hope so.
I'm praying.
Oh, it's definitely
going to.
Maybe you could throw a
couple posts on your Instagram
for me.
Oh, yeah. Absolutely.
And I promise you that every
single Birdiebee shirt is going
to be sold out.
I promise.
Aw, you've always been
so supportive.
I think it's, like‐‐
I want this to be a great year
for you guys for WrestleMania.
And I was saying to Lana, like,
"Last year, Nicole had this big
year.
The year before, you had this
big year."
And, like, I want this year to
be, like, special for you guys.
Yeah.
Aw, you're so sweet,
Nattie.
That means a lot. Thank you.
I've known the twins
for over a decade.
And I know that Brie and Nicole
have had this vision for years.
So I want to do whatever I can
to really get the word out there
that Birdiebee is at the
WrestleMania Superstore.
If I was in Brie's situation, I
know that she would do the exact
same thing.
Tell me when you're
ready.
Ooh, I like that.
"Bee Fearless."
That's really good.
That's good marketing.
Okay, one, two, three, go.
If you come to the
WWE Superstore, to come and‐‐
Hold on. Start over.
And if you buy Birdiebee at the
WWE Superstore, you're gonna get
a chance to meet Nikki Bella and
Brie Bella in person, here.
Perfect.
Hold on, let me do
one more.
You look so ridiculous, Nat.
I can't breathe.
I literally can't breathe.
Get close, so I can‐‐
you actually can‐‐
And not only are you gonna meet
Nikki Bella... but
you're also gonna meet Brie
Bella and Daniel Bryan.
You're out of your
mind.
You're out of your mind.
Now you're promoting Daniel
Bryan?
You want people to
come and buy this stuff?
First of all, you look
like J. Lo from the block right
now, with a small little shirt,
but...
Lana, I'm a big girl.
Let me see that.
I think this is the
winner.
Ew.
Hold on. Start over.
Start that over.
Hi, guys.
What's up, guys?
Come to mama!
Nattie! Nattie!
This guy's going all out.
Oh, my gosh!
This is amazing!
This is one of my biggest fans.
Good luck in the battle
royal on Sunday.
Thank you so much.
TJ, what do you think?
She's gonna win?
Battle royal?
Yeah.
I think she's gonna win.
She has a chance, but you
got Sasha in there, you got
Bayley, you got Mandy.
This year at
WrestleMania, I'm gonna be in
the first‐ever women's battle
royal.
And today TJ and I are at a
signing together.
But for some reason, I never
felt so unimportant by my own
husband.
So, are you gonna come
out and go...
♪ Nattie is the best
Nattie number one. ♪
I'll leave that
cheerleader stuff for Rusev.
♪ Lana is the best
Lana's number one
Lana's number one. ♪
I know you think it's
funny, but it's sometimes...
Oh, hell yeah.
Giving me a
compliment isn't the hardest
thing in the world.
It just seems cheesy if I
just say, "Oh, Nattie's gonna
win."
Be cheesy.
I like cheesy.
I love you, but you
just made my weekend.
You are one of my top five of
the last decade.
I miss him.
Thank you.
Aw. He's amazing.
For me, I‐I don't have a problem
throwing around compliments.
Nattie gives TJ a compliment, TJ
gives Nattie a compliment,
especially when he also knows
I'm really nervous for the
battle royal.
But TJ is like a spoiled Persian
cat.
Yeah, he thinks Sasha's gonna
win the battle royal on Sunday.
Honestly, good guess.
He gets it.
No! I‐I am the best!
I am number one.
I'm sorry.
My voice keeps going in and out.
Okay. No worry.
It's probably seeing
him, actually.
I lose my voice.
Yeah!
'Cause I was excited
to see my boy.
All Italian fans want
to see you again, in the ring as
a performer.
Are there any hopes for this to
happen?
Well, you know, never
say never, which is also...
I need to see more doctors, and
hopefully, I get the big
clearance, but never say never.
Obviously, there's a lot of
rumors going around about my
neck, and I can't say anything
about it, so I'll just be like,
"Everything's fine.
Next question."
I love watching you
in the ring.
Thank you.
But I have to say
that I really do miss seeing
you compete.
How hard has it been to not be
able to compete and deal with
your injury?
It is tough, 'cause I
don't like not being able to
tell them, too.
It's the women's
battle royal this weekend.
It is.
Sadly, you're not
going to be in it.
No.
I'm getting so burned out.
We're just talking about not
being in a ring.
I'm trying to keep myself
together.
Like, I don't ever want to seem
weak in front of people.
It just gets really frustrating.
Like, honestly, I just...
I'm so done with this.
I just want to go back to my
room; I just want to hide out.
Like, I don't...
I just don't want to be around
anyone right now.
Oh, my goodness.
Hey, guys.
If you guys show up on Saturday,
Nikki, Brie and Bryan are gonna
be there.
Nattie is promising
things that she doesn't even
know that the Bellas are gonna
do.
You cannot be saying that
they're gonna be there.
I believe in God and
Jesus.
If it ain't about that, then I
don't want to have nothing to do
with it.
Trin isn't, obviously,
into the whole spiritual stuff.
Aah! I'm not gonna!
I don't... No. No.
Mm, just one second.
Just one second.
Oh,.
I'm too big for these cars.
All right, ándele, girls.
Let's go.
Mama's got you.
Aah! You're putting
your finger directly in my
ass.
You good?
That, like, made me tickle a
little bit.
Did I get you?
Yeah, I'm good.
Oh, my God, is she...?
You know Daniel
Bryan, Brie Bella, Nikki Bella?
Yes.
Wait. What are you
saying?
So come down.
Check us out at WrestleMania
Axxess, and if you come down,
they're gonna be there.
I'm so excited because we're
going out with Paige tonight.
What are you drinking?
Margarita.
Oh, I love
margaritas.
I do, too.
And it's Bourbon
Street.
There's nothing but people.
There's people that are excited
about life, that are excited
about drinking, that are excited
about WrestleMania.
And for me, it's a great
opportunity to pass out flyers
and just do stuff to kind of get
the word out there that the
twins have Birdiebee at the WWE
Superstore.
Hey, guys.
If you guys show up on Saturday,
you might meet my cat 2Pawz.
Oh, okay.
Birdiebee!
Come and support Birdiebee on
Saturday, and you never know
who's gonna show up.
Yeah.
I might bring my
husband Tyson Kidd.
This is so awkward,
Nattie.
You're doing the most.
Birdiebee!
Birdiebee! Birdiebee!
Stop that!
You're cut off.
This isn't the type of
promotion that I feel Nikki and
Brie would want.
You know the WWE
Superstore?
Nikki, Brie and Bryan are gonna
be there, and you get to meet
them if you buy some of the
Birdiebee.
Hey!
They might be there,
but, yeah.
Definitely come get Birdiebee.
We're pretty sure
they're gonna be there.
Nattie is promising
things that she doesn't even
know that the Bellas are gonna
do, so it's gonna make fans
upset.
I mean, she's just going about
this all the wrong way.
Seriously, you cannot be saying
that they're gonna be there.
Like, this is...
The fact that we're handing out
flyers is...
No, no, no.
But seriously?
I'm getting a little
excited, but, you know, whatever
it takes to get the word out.
And when Birdiebee sells out at
the WWE Superstore, Brie and
Nicole are...
They're gonna be thanking me.
It's too much.
It's too much. Oh, boy.
Hey!
Hey.
How are you?
I'm great.
Come and have a seat
with me, I need to talk to you.
What is this?
Guys, I need privacy.
What I want you to do
for me‐‐ just relax yourself.
Take three deep breaths and
shuffle these cards for me.
Shuffle 'em?
Oh, no. What...?
Hey, guys, take a
hike, all right?
The first thing that
you need to realize is that
you're a very powerful woman.
Ooh.
The responsibility
with that is great.
That looks so shady.
Are you, like, afraid if
she says something?
You know what I mean? Like...
It's not so much
afraid, it's just, I believe in
God and Jesus.
If it ain't about that, then I
don't want to have nothing to do
with it.
That's just what I believe.
No. That's totally fine.
You are a gift to this
planet.
If you just agree that you're a
powerful woman, you will be
unconquerable.
Thank you for my
reading.
Thank you so much.
It was very, very
accurate, and I love it.
I‐I have a question to ask you,
though.
Yes.
The woman with the
green hair over there‐‐ she has
long hair with the green hair?
I see.
I want you to, like,
tell her to come over, and then
be like, "Wait. I can't read
you."
I'll give you 50 bucks to do
that.
Okay. We ready?
Trin isn't into the
whole spiritual stuff.
She's more God and Jesus and all
that kind of stuff.
But you know me.
I like to play pranks on people.
Trin? Yeah.
No, no, no.
No, no, no, no.
Hey, baby girl.
Come here just for one second.
At least just say hi to the
lady...
Hi!
Over here.
No. Aah!
I'm not gonna. I don't...
No. No.
Just one second.
I will kill
you.
I will love you.
No! I will say hello
and shake her hand, but that's
it.
You know what?
I don't want to read you.
You're not ready.
She's not
ready.
You're damn right
I'm not, bitch.
I need a water.
I need a water and a whiskey.
I just saw a picture of you
sitting up on the barricade, and
a kid staring at your ass.
Did you see that?
Oh, that was on
yesterday.
Was it? Oh, my God.
I was dying.
Nene, I'm excited
to see you Sunday.
I'm still nervous as
I'm blessed that I'm a part of a
singles match at WrestleMania.
Like, for a female, that's huge.
The closer and closer we get to
WrestleMania, I am just...
I'm so stressed.
I really will be
disappointed if you don't win.
I'll be disappointed!
I know, but...
Not only am I getting to
wrestle on the grandest stage of
them all‐‐ WrestleMania‐‐ but
I'm going against my ex‐best
friend, Alexa Bliss.
Chest bump.
Got you.
I'm coming around.
I'm just saying...
You know what I'm talking about?
Just kidding.
Watch your vagina.
I'll always have her
back, and she'll always have
mine.
Got you!
Alexa and I used to be really
close, but we've had a falling
out, and, you know, we have a
lot of animosity going into
this, so, it's adding a ton of
pressure to me.
You, like, literally have an
excuse for everything that I
say.
Excuse after an excuse after an
excuse.
She can't take the
time to understand my life and
what I'm going through with my
love life, I don't want to take
time to try to understand hers.
I have new gear!
Can I see?
Oh, yeah. I had to get
it fixed 'cause I had a camel
toe.
I hate when I get
camel toe.
Oh, my God, that's beautiful!
So it's done like a body
suit.
It's beautiful.
Show Trin.
Ooh.
Wait. Is this for this?
This is Mania.
Oh, my God, I love.
I'm gonna be livid if
you don't win that title on
Sunday.
I feel like I'd be
very selfish thinking like,
"Hey, you guys can't talk about
your stuff, because you have to
worry about me."
Like, they're excited.
It's WrestleMania, and I'm happy
for them, but, like, I really
want to be a part of this, and
it makes me feel, like, really
sad, and I'm just kind of
sitting there, being, like,
"Well, I have nothing to talk
about with you guys right now,
so, I'm just gonna be quiet."
Some little things we
have to do to get her started.
When you have
something as serious as a
career‐ending injury, you want
to try anything.
Most people‐‐ they
never have a singles match...
In their career.
Not only will all your
competitors eat you up.
Also, all the fans are gonna eat
you up.
I would be... I would legit be
freaking out, like, for real.
Yeah.
We have arrived in
NOLO.
Wait. No. I totally said that
wrong.
NOLA.
Uh, but we're here, New Orleans,
WrestleMania week, but today, we
have a signing, and I just
always get excited for these,
because my Bella Army means the
world to me.
Hi. How are you? What's up?
Hey, guys.
Hey. Hi.
Love you.
Yes! Yes!
Daniel Bryan!
You guys ready?
Yes.
Yeah, let's do it.
How are you, cutie?
Oh, it's so nice to meet you.
You are so my
inspiration.
Oh!
Oh, my gosh.
Thank you so much.
That means so much.
Okay.
Oh, my gosh.
Oh, you're so...
Oh, my gosh, did you
get...? Yes.
You having fun?
Your outfit's so cute.
I feel like I need this. Oh...
As a dad, you don't know
what it's like for her to be
able to look up to women like
you that are ridiculously strong
and...
Thank you.
Keep on doing what
you're doing.
You guys are the classiest.
What up? How are you?
Fine,
and you?
Good, thanks.
Hello. Bonjour.
Je m'appelle Brie.
Et toi?
Oh, yeah, no idea.
Hello.
Hi. How are you? Oh.
Nattie gave us this
flyer on Bourbon Street, and
said that we could hang out.
Oh. Nattie did?
Yeah.
Nattie gave us this on
Bourbon, and lunch is tomorrow.
Oh, really?
Wait, what? Like, I'm really
confused right now.
Was it Bourbon Street and she
was drunk?
She had a big... one
of those big drinks with her.
I bet she did.
I love Nattie, but I can't help
but think, like, did Nattie and
Brie tell people that we would
hang out with fans, that we
would do certain activities?
I'm just like, "Wait, what is
happening?"
I'm sorry, guys! I love you!
What was up with all this stuff
with, um, everyone asking
about...
Nattie said she wanted
to help out, which I was like,
"That's awesome, whatever."
Yeah?
And... I just thought,
like, her and Lana went to the
store, and they were doing cute
videos, they tagged us, and I'm
like, "Oh, that's awesome."
I didn't know...
Do you have the
videos?
I have it.
If you buy
Birdiebee in the WWE Superstore,
you're gonna get a chance to
meet Nikki Bella and Brie Bella
in person here at the
Superstore.
Oh, I didn't see this.
We need to talk to
her.
Nattie knows that
WrestleMania weekend's chaotic,
and to promise stuff like that
is ridiculous.
And the worst part about all of
this is that this is all my
doing, in my sister's eyes.
And you know what,
President?
We really need to talk to
Nattie, but I need to use the
bathroom so bad.
Why didn't you guys tell me
this outfit made me look fat?
It doesn't make you
look fat.
It's just because you have
clothes on, and you're not used
to that.
Exactly.
And it's such an
honor to be, um, representing
the Boys & Girls Clubs of
America.
Wait, are these all the
stuff from Mardi Gras?
This is Mardi Gras.
Oh, my gosh.
I kind of want to,
like, walk though a little bit.
Let's walk.
Let's walk through.
Hi, Cleopatra.
King Tut, what's up?
This is so neat.
We are here at Superstars for
Hope, and the event is amazing.
It's so New Orleans.
But Nattie will be here, which
I'm very happy about, because I
need to have a little
conversation with her.
I hate having these
conversations.
I do, but I'm president, so I
need to start learning.
When I was breastfeeding, this
is what I felt like.
Yeah?
All day long.
Nattie!
Both of you look so
cute.
Oh, my gosh, look at
you.
You guys.
Is this not crazy?
So, Nattie, you know
you're in trouble with Brie and
I.
Why?
You know, it's always
hard to get mad at you, I'm not
gonna lie.
So, we had an Axxess signing
today, and I found out that you
made some promises to some fans
that... aren't happening.
I told Brie on the
phone, I was like, "I'm gonna do
everything in my power to make
sure that we sell every single
shirt in this store," because
that way we spread the message.
Yeah, and I love that,
but do you also see how
promising people certain things
could either make the brand look
desperate, or it could hurt the
brand if it doesn't get
delivered.
No, you're right.
And I feel bad; I should
probably not have promised...
I'm sorry, I feel bad.
No, it's okay.
I understood where you were
coming from.
Well, here's to Birdiebee.
Yes. And us three being
back together again here at
WrestleMania.
I know.
Now, let's go look at
these crazy floats.
No Bourbon Street for
Nattie tonight.
Nattie, we're staying here.
Aah.
Good luck.
Thank you so much.
Nia. Baby girl!
I missed you today.
Let's go!
We have to go do the cemetery
shoot.
Uh, was that today?
Yeah, it's, like,
right now.
I've been waiting for you, baby
girl.
Uh... I totally forgot.
I have Axxess. I have to go.
So, okay, like, what
were you doing, like... what
were you doing right now?
You keep promising me all this
stuff, and then you didn't sign
up for the swamp tour.
My schedule obviously isn't as
busy as yours.
Paige is making it seem
like I'm a bad friend and that
I'm completely ignoring her this
week, and I've been so busy, and
any chance I have, I've hung out
with her.
I don't know where she's coming
from with all this.
I feel like I'm, like, feel bad,
because I have a match.
You know, like, I'm sorry, like,
that I can't go around and,
like, be a tourist.
I'm sorry, it's, like, it's not
my fault, like, I, you know, I
have to wrestle.
Okay. Well...
So, like...
All right, well, now,
you see, that is the exact
problem that I'm talking about.
I can see now who my real
friends are.
You don't want to be my friend,
because I can't wrestle anymore.
I get it. I get it.
That is not even close.
I get it. No, no, no.
I'll go do the cemetery thing
myself; you keep being busy,
baby girl, you keep being busy.
I...
You're doing stupid
stuff and just blowing me off.
It has nothing to do
with that.
No, no, I'm done.
Don't you dare.
Get back here.
No.
You get back here right
now.
Paige. She just kind of broke
down.
She's just like, "Well, you
know, I feel like Trin thought
I was being weird."
Let me holla at you
right quick, ol' sis.
I got a sip of some tea.
Is it gossip?
I talked to Nia.
I just feel you
thought I was a weirdo, not that
you, like, you didn't really
hurt my feelings in a way where
I was like, "What a bitch."
You get back here right
now.
Hey, Paige! Hi, Nia!
Seriously.
I'm not... I don't...
You don't realize
right now, Nia, New Orleans is
exactly where I debuted.
I'm back here after being out
for a year and a half, and now I
can't wrestle.
Yeah.
And everything's
being taken away from me right
now.
And all I want is to do stuff,
to keep being, like...
I know. I'm sorry, dude.
And you know I'm‐‐ Oh!‐‐ you
know I'm your biggest fan.
You are one of the strongest
people I know, and nothing
holds you back.
It's just hard to
remain strong when you're in,
like, a hotel full of people,
full of fans, every single one
of them's gone up to me, being
like, "When are you getting in
the ring again?
When are you gonna do this?
When are you gonna do that?"
I don't know what to tell them,
and then I see you guys.
We go to have drinks, we go to
have dinners, and everyone's
talking about their
WrestleMania, everyone's talking
about their WrestleMania match,
and I'm literally the only
one being like, "Okay, cool,
what do I do?" You know?
And it's not jealousy.
Like, I'm happy for you guys.
I know you are.
It's more just, like,
I'm just sad.
It's sad.
I want to wrestle
again.
And, like, I'm looking at
Trin... sometimes, and I just
feel like she's ridiculing me
all the time.
Like, I'm a freak because I want
to go see a voodoo person, I
want to go see a psychic.
Trust me, I've done everything I
can.
I've prayed to her god, you know
what I mean?
I've prayed, and it hasn't done
anything for me.
And so I'm trying everything in
my power to get better again,
because all I want to do is
wrestle.
I know.
And everything's been
taken away from me.
I've definitely been trying to
avoid the inevitable, you know,
just because I don't want to
think about it.
Like, wrestling has been my
life, literally my life; since
the womb, I've been surrounded
by wrestling.
Like, WWE was supposed to not
just be my passion, it was
supposed to be my future, and,
um, unfortunately, it was... cut
short.
Honestly, whatever you
want to try‐‐ if you want to go
to voodoo, if you want to do it,
like, any psychic...
I just feel like I
piled it all up after, like,
this week.
Yeah.
Just, like, I'm like,
"Great, no one wants to hang out
with me, 'cause I don't wrestle
anymore."
I wish you would have
told me that earlier, then I
would have definitely not have
been... so insensitive.
I'm sorry I'm busy this week.
But I am here for you.
♪ Whoa
Can you hear the sound?
♪ We're getting all dressed up
To get on down... ♪
A lot of
anticipation in the air here
tonight.
This is what it's all gonna come
down to.
The class of 2018 right here on
the WWE Hall of Fame Red Carpet
Show.
Hall of Fame is
special, because it's a time to
honor and celebrate those who
paved the way and accomplished
the things that we're all
working towards and doing right
now in our career.
It's just a special night.
Itty‐bitty titty committee.
This is a big titty
committee.
Big, big, big titty
committee...
A big, big, big titty
committee.
I'm rooting for you
to win the title on Sunday.
And if she doesn't win, I'm
gonna riot.
Thanks, guys.
It's your time.
I've been so stressed
and freaking out and, like, just
wanting to make sure all these
things done.
Like, I didn't even, like, think
about how it would be affecting,
like, Paige.
She debuted here.
She won the championship here.
Yeah.
You know what I mean?
Like, this is, like, the
beginning for her.
I didn't even think
about that.
Yeah. She's really
trying to, like, see a psychic,
see voodoo, like, whatever she
can do to try to heal.
Right.
She just kind of broke
down, and she's just like,
"Well, you know, I feel like
Trin thought I was being weird
and, you know, that she's just,
like..."
No! I would never
think she's being weird.
It's just not my preference, but
I'm all for whatever she needs
in her life or what makes her
happy and what makes her feel
good.
Yeah.
I would never judge
her for that.
Yeah. Exactly.
So I got to let her
know that...
You're being called to
the red carpet.
All right.
Okay, thanks, Ni.
You look beautiful.
Best‐dressed couple
alert.
Look at this.
I made it myself.
That's how I do it.
A month ago, you were
the general manager of SmackDown
Live,and now you are on the
verge of returning at
WrestleMania.
I haven't slept.
I'm a little just, like...
What's the matter?
A huge championship match on the
line?
It's just, it's one of
those... I don't know.
It's all hitting me all at once.
And I'm, like, ready to, like...
I'm ready to climb under a rock.
I'm extremely nervous because I
still feel like I'm still so new
to this company.
Like, am I gonna be able to make
it?
And it's a singles match.
Like, how many women can say
they had a singles match at
WrestleMania for the title?
But it's okay to be
nervous.
I would be... I would legit be
freaking out.
It's a really big deal.
Yeah.
Most people will never
have a singles match.
In their career.
It's an honor and a privilege to
have a title match, especially
at WrestleMania.
And yes, the stakes are high,
and you have to deliver.
Because if not, not only will
all your competitors eat you up,
also all the fans are gonna eat
you up.
Yeah.
Nothing beats it.
It's just... you know.
Mm‐hmm. It's all the
leading up.
It's getting up to it is
like...
Freaking out.
♪ Paper dolls
Paper tigers
Underdogs under fire... ♪
It's a great time to
be a woman in this business
right now.
I'm super proud of all of us
women.
It's the Hall of
Fame.
It is the Hall of
Fame, and you both look stunning
tonight.
You're taking on your
former best friend, Nia Jax.
Yes, that is correct.
My former BFF.
There has never been
this many women matches in
WrestleMania history, so it's a
big moment.
And we got the most incredible
addition to the women's
division, Ronda Rousey.
Ronda
Rousey!
♪ What am I made of?
What's the god you believe?
♪ What's the point if you ain't
free?
What are you a slave of? ♪
Baby girl.
Oh,.
Let me holla at you
right quick, ol' sis.
Okay. Hang on two
seconds.
Step into my office.
All right, sis, what
do you want to do?
You want to take a nap?
Oh, I do, baby girl.
Ooh!
I got a sip of some
tea.
Is it gossip?
Kinda, sorta, not
really.
I talked to Nia.
Mm‐hmm.
And she kind of told
me, you know, I might have hurt
your feelings with the whole
voodoo stuff and spiritism.
And I hate that, that...
I just thought you
thought I was a weirdo, not that
you, like...
Like, you didn't really hurt my
feelings in a way where I was
like, "What a bitch."
It was like, "Oh, my gosh, she
thinks I'm a freak."
No! That is the last
thing I want you to think and I
want you to feel.
I have my beliefs, the way I
feel, but that's me.
I don't ever want to force that
on you or make you feel
uncomfortable.
Like, I think no differently of
you.
I love you, and I support
whatever decision you choose
spiritually.
If it helps you, if it works for
you, I support it.
And I'm with you.
I think Paige is strong and puts
up this wall, but sometimes I
think she is sensitive, and she
is down, and she does need
comfort.
It would be extremely hard being
in Paige's shoes right now,
wanting to do what you love and
having that taken away from you.
You my girl, you know that.
You one of the coolest chicks I
know.
Thanks, man.
You will never be
weird to me.
I'm way more weirder than you in
life, okay?
Thanks, baby girl.
You the bestest.
Do we get our palms
read, by any chance?
I don't think so.
I want Paige to know
that I support her, and although
I don't agree completely with
the voodoo and the stuff she's
looking into, I do support her.
But the voodoo shop?
I am not going in.
"Not me."
Trin, you better come outside
the car.
You need to stand out here.
Uh‐uh.
Go ahead. You got it.
I'm‐a go park our car and watch,
make sure nobody steal our rims.
No, no, you're gonna
keep out here, all right?
But thank you for coming, and
thank you for showing that at
least...
What?
Jesus Christ.
What the?
You better go get
that doll so we can get the hell
up out of here.
All right.
Thank you for coming.
You better keep this down.
She won't even get out
of the car.
Hi, sis, how are you?
Welcome, welcome.
Mm‐mm.
Mm‐mm. No, ma'am.
All right, so, we
ready?
I think so.
I put a lot of energy
in her.
So, we have some little things
that we have to do to get her
started.
Little ceremonies.
So, this is her bed.
Okay.
And I'll let you open
her.
Get in here.
Oh, my goodness.
That is no joke.
Now, that's a big one.
She is beautiful.
Yeah, she is.
Take her out.
Smells beautiful.
Yeah, seriously.
When you have something as
serious as a career‐ending
injury, you want to try
anything.
Honestly, like, I'm a spiritual
person, but, like, I'm not a big
voodoo doll specialist.
But there's no harm in trying.
So, we're going to do
a spell. Okay?
Mm‐hmm.
This string for you.
Okay.
Just repeat after me.
"By knot of one..."
"The spell has begun."
"I call upon Mother
Earth..."
"To heal my neck..."
"And let me
rebirth..."
"To the way I was
before I was hurt."
And so it shall be.
Mm‐mm. No, ma'am.
No, mm‐mm.
♪ I'm ready for the
fight
♪ I know that this is my time
It's no mystery
I'm making history... ♪
WWE Universe, we
have arrived.
We are getting everything set
for the biggest night in sports
entertainment.
The day has come.
WrestleMania!
You can feel it in the
air.
The sound is just...
You can feel the crowd react.
This year,
WrestleMania for the women is
history‐making.
It's the first time
that there's been four matches
where women are featured.
We're breaking the
barriers of what people thought
we could do.
This is just a test of how far
we've come and how hard all the
women have been working.
It's just incredible to
see that at times women didn't
even know if they'd be wrestling
at WrestleMania, and now it's
how many matches you're gonna be
able to see of women.
We are just breaking
down barriers.
We are blasting through glass
ceilings.
We are hitting our stride.
It's the era of the
female athlete.
It's our turn.
And it continues to
show the world what we can do.
♪ It's no more Mrs.
Nice Girl, no more
♪ No more
Here I come
♪ You better run
No more Mrs. Nice Girl. ♪
This season on Total
Divas...
This WrestleMania is
so historic for women.
I would hate to follow
that.
Suck it up.
You got this.
It's the best time
to be a woman, like, period.
I'm back!
♪ Earthquake, make
the ground shake ♪
I'm really going
through stuff, I'm about to have
another meltdown.
Here's to broken hearts.
One of my biggest
fears is getting a divorce.
We need to talk.
What?
I got a confession
to make.
I feel like I haven't
seen him forever.
We, literally, are, like, single
parents.
Guys, we work at a PG
company‐‐ this is unacceptable.
You insensitive piece
of.
I'm not gonna be a
doormat.
We all love each
other‐‐ sisters fight.
Oh!
He looked in love with
you, honestly.
Am I making you
embarrassed 'cause you're with
an older woman?
We have so much chemistry, it's
amazing.
Captioning sponsored by
BUNIM‐MURRAY PRODUCTIONS
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org